Here at Mr. Beast, we are always trying
to pull off the impossible. You can't be
executing at this type of scale, [music]
at this type of speed, without the right
tools.
>> $5 million of real money.
>> Having Slack at our disposal [music] is
truly the key to the success.
>> Things that people think are impossible.
We pull it off every time.
>> It's always something different.
>> Keep us on our toes.
>> Does anyone have a canon expert? I'm
using that Slack bot to buy that answer.
>> If you're running business without
Slack, you're doing it on hard bug.
[music] There is no way that we could
execute what we do here without
Salesforce.